Return-Path: <stocks22488@hud.ac.uk>
Delivered-To: bfsmedia-design@bfsmedia.com
Received: (qmail 3340 invoked from network); 26 Feb 2001 00:03:02 -0000
Received: from architekst.p.lodz.pl (212.51.212.219)
  by bfsmedia.sk.ca with SMTP; 26 Feb 2001 00:03:02 -0000
Received: from hot5656584.com (38.38.3.85) by architekst.p.lodz.pl
 with SMTP (Eudora Internet Mail Server 1.2); Fri, 7 Sep 1956 04:56:48 +0000
Message-ID: <ZTWFwtDDN5jHj.rt7VcWQAX6LI4rZxU8qrhL@hot5656584.com>
From: stocks22488@hud.ac.uk <stocks22488@hud.ac.uk>
Bcc:
To: @yahoo.com <msuggitt@bfsmedia.com>
Subject: NEW CHINA {"YAHOO"*} STOCK PICK!
Date: Sun, 25 Feb 2001 12:27:18 -0400 (EDT)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="US-ASCII"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Length: 5191
Lines: 49


NEW CHINA {"YAHOO"*} STOCK PICK!

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:

THE PENNY STOCK PICKER OFFERS THE HOTTEST INTERNET INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES! 

Take Advantage of our Expert's SPECIAL MARKET UPDATES!

Find a stock worth $.30 cents that could be worth $10.00 in just six months - and ASK OUR EXPERTS questions with NO obligation!

Join over 150,000 PENNY STOCK PICKER NEWSLETTER Subscribers now SPECIALIZING in WORLDWIDE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES! Your first six months trial is absolutely FREE!! 

Visit http://capital9.tripod.com/  NOW to subscribe and receive your FREE copy of the The Penny Stock Picker & "THE HEYSEK REPORT" (A FREE $20.00 Value - Yours FREE)!

***BONUS STOCK PICK - Featuring this Week: "THE HEYSEK REPORT".

This week's Penny Stock Picker Report for your investment consideration is 
China World Trade Corp ("CHWT": NASDAQ OTCBB).
CWTC is the first business-to-business portal published in both the Chinese and English languages.

China and Asia are expected to be the next boomtown of the Internet World! With Broadband Wireless Internet coming fast, China's Billion plus population will explode onto the Internet. Just as the US exploded with Internet usage over the last five years, Asia will be next. 

20% of the Internet Population will be Chinese by 2003!

* CHWT has entered a co-operative joint-venture, for a period of 20 years with the Beijing Wanlong Economic Consultancy Corporation Ltd. This company is a fully owned subsidiary of World Trade Center Beijing (WTCB).
* CHWT has signed a Memorandum of Agreement to take a majority stake in Market188.com, a market leader in B2B facilitation of China domestic wholesale trades.
* Due to BWTCC's affiliation to the World Trade Center Association, it has access to over 600,000 members of the WTCA from over 300 cities in 100 countries around the world. These members are business people and most of them have strong desire to trade with China.

"CHWT" IS A MUST SEE STOCK FOR YOUR EVALUATION! 
PLUS Receive absolutely FREE "The Heysek Report". Read it FREE and search in the areas that inform investors and potential investors about overlooked and underfollowed public companies. We believe that investment programs focused on specific stocks will ultimately produce above average rates of returns.  So, how does one go about finding such overlooked companies?

Read "THE HEYSEK REPORT" and Visit http://capital9.tripod.com/  Now!


Thank you for your time. 







*Yahoo is reffered to in this email message as reference of great potential opportunity. Please read our disclaimer. 
DISCLAIMER: Certain statements in this document are "forward-looking statements" as outlined in the Private Securities Litigation Act of 1995 within the meanings of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to economic conditions, changes in the law or regulations, demand for products and services of the company, in the effects of competition. These risks and uncertainties could significantly affect results in the future and actual results may differ materially form any representations herein. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the words: believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate, and similar expressions or which by there nature refer to future events. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell any securities or solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. This publication is an advertisement on behalf of the said company and may not be construed as investment advice. This is not to be purported to be a complete analysis of the company mentioned. Investing in securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Readers should consult with there own independent tax; business and financial advisors with respect to any investment, including any contemplated investment in the advertised company. All information contained in this advertisement should be independently verified with the advertised company and any independent financial analyst. You should independently investigate and fully understand all risks before. Certain companies profiled by Internet Promos, LLC pay consideration in cash and/or stock for the electronic dissemination of company information and, in some cases, web site development. In this promotion, a third party, pursuant to a written agreement, retained Internet Promos LLC to conduct the electronic dissemination of information concerning the profiled company. Internet Promos LLC will be paid under a written contract with the third party an amount of thirty seven thousand shares of the companies common stock. Internet Promos, LLC did not receive any other compensation, of any kind, for this promotion. Internet Promos LLC and/or their affiliates or agents may at any time after receipt of any compensation in stock sell all or part of the stock received into the open market at the time of receipt or immediately after they have profiled a particular company. Internet Promos LLC are not registered investment advisors or broker dealers.




