Return-Path: <poooper@hotmail.com>
Delivered-To: bruce-spam@bruce-guenter.dyndns.org
Received: (qmail 14412 invoked by alias); 7 Nov 2000 07:09:37 -0000
Delivered-To: spam@bruce-guenter.dyndns.org
Received: (qmail 14409 invoked from network); 7 Nov 2000 07:09:37 -0000
Received: from daedalus.bfsmedia.com (198.169.201.8)
  by 10.2.1.99 with SMTP; 7 Nov 2000 07:09:37 -0000
Received: (qmail 3398 invoked by uid 500); 7 Nov 2000 07:09:36 -0000
Delivered-To: em-ca-spam@em.ca
Received: (qmail 3394 invoked by uid 502); 7 Nov 2000 07:09:36 -0000
Delivered-To: bfsmedia-timolnar@bfsmedia.com
Received: (qmail 3390 invoked from network); 7 Nov 2000 07:09:35 -0000
Received: from mail3.class-ic.com (HELO mail.class-ic.com) (38.232.69.160)
  by bfsmedia.sk.ca with SMTP; 7 Nov 2000 07:09:35 -0000
Received: from internetpro (cust50.max14.aa.net [206.125.89.50]) by mail.class-ic.com with SMTP (Microsoft Exchange Internet Mail Service Version 5.5.2232.9)
	id 44K3ZWYH; Mon, 6 Nov 2000 23:16:46 -0800
To: investing@hotmail.com
Bcc: timo@mountainmicro.com, timo@rayharock.com, timo@talkcity.com, timo@theunion.com, timo@timobieber.de, timo@trib.com, timo@voicerecognition.com, timoakes@kynd.net, timoalho@students.cc.tut.fi, timob4806@aol.com, timobi@aol.com, timobrew@aol.com, timobrien1@aol.com, timochic@aol.com, timod@earthlink.net, timoda@aol.com, timodd@yahoo.com, timoes@aol.com, timofalltims@geocities.com, timofei@advantagebusiness.com, timofei@comet.net, timofei@kimbanet.com, timofei@netcarrier.com, timofei@richnet.net, timofei@siscom.net, timofno@aol.com, timogeuggis@swissonline.ch, timoh2u@aol.com, timoh@cs.tut.fi, timoharms@aol.com, timohuttu@yahoo.com, timoi@aol.com, timojhen@vacuumsf.com, timojones@aol.com, timok@cs.tut.fi, timok@iki.fi, timoke@vip.fi, timoki@students.cc.tut.fi, timolake@aol.com, timolg@usa.net, timolinpewter@tinet.ie, timolnar@bfsmedia.com, timolson@concentric.net, timomc@yahoo.com, timomoth@yahoo.com, timon01@ibm.net, timon1177@aol.com, timon2@rocketmail.com, timon450@hotmail.com, timon508@aol.com
From: <poooper@hotmail.com>
Subject: Strong Buy Recommendation (CPHX)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=unknown-8bit
Content-Length: 6639
Lines: 41



OTC Spotlight's previous BUY ALERTS have gained over 367 % !!!

Congratulations to those that participated in our previous alerts: CNXX from 
$ 1.94 to $4.84, ACEN from $ .18 to $ .85, and SRGL from $5.63 to $10.75!

STRONG BUY:
Clements Golden Phoenix Enterprises, Inc.
OTCBB: CPHX
BUY AT $1.88
SELL TARGET $6.50 

SPECIAL ALERT... CPHX AWARDED EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTION RIGHTS TO SUPPLY CITRUS PRODUCTS TO MILLIONS OF CHINESE CONSUMERS !
CPHX DOMINATES THE $10 BILLION CITRUS PRODUCTS MARKET IN CHINA'S NEW GROWING ECONOMY !!!

Clements Golden Phoenix Enterprises (CPHX) is capitalizing on China's recent acceptance into the World Trade Organization (WTO) coupled with the lifting of a 20-year ban on importing American citrus, thus creating perhaps the most financially explosive opportunity ever in that nation. 
These perfectly timed political maneuvers have vaulted CPHX into the position of becoming the "Minute Maid" or "Tropicana" of China to the country's 1.2 BILLION people.

A key element in the purchase of CPHX shares is that the stock is extremely undiscovered and undervalued. During the 2 months that shares have been trading, market conditions have limited the exposure of CPHX to new investors. Even a 2 for 1 (forward) split that took place earlier this month went practically unnoticed. This enhances the opportunity for profit with CPHX trading near its low while revenues soar!

Armed with major U.S. and Chinese political backing, CPHX has partnered with the largest dairy and consumer foods distributors throughout China. The exclusive licensing and distribution awarded to CPHX follows the  Government of China's program to make citrus products and juices more readily available and affordable while promoting the awareness of health and nutrition. As China makes rapid leaps to catch up to worldwide standards, China has addressed the fact that it's citrus production is less than one-fourth of what the U.S. produces while having 5 times the population.

Market research performed by Tropicana Juices owned by PepesiCo (NYSE: PEP) and Minute Maid owned by Coca Cola (NYSE: KO) have forecast annual sales of citrus products to be in the $BILLIONS for a nation in a frenzy for the fresh fruits and juices they have gone so long without. The vast, "wide open" citrus market will eventually lead to joint ventures, partnerships, or perhaps much more in the future between the major players in this arena now that ground has been broken. 

OTCBB: CPHX
Recent Price: $1.88
52 Week High/Low: $4.19 - $1.88
Shares Outstanding: 28.5 Million
Float: 1.5 Million
Target Price: $6.50

The expectation of astronomical sales is bolstered by China's friendly attitude and environment towards CPHX to capture significant market share. As a new WTO member, the eyes of many nations are tracking China's handling and progress of citrus importation. This includes the drastic lowering of tariffs on citrus, juices, and frozen concentrate to keep in line with the standard trade practices of other WTO member nations. 

Our research on CPHX clearly reveals that its exponential growth has not yet been noticed by investors. Increased attention with expanding volume is expected as strong company news is released. We anticipate many other well known newsletters will also be exposing CPHX to their subscribers in the near term. With its low float and undervalued stock price, CPHX has the potential to outperform even our best recommendations in the past few months!

DISCLAIMER: OTC Spotlight Newsletter cautions that small and
micro-cap stocks are high-risk investments and that some or all investment
dollars can be lost. We suggest you consult a professional investment
advisor before purchasing any stock. All opinions expressed on the featured company are the opinions of OTC Spotlight. All information concerning the companies is received directly from the companies profiled and/or outside interviews conducted by OTC Spotlight. OTC Spotlight recommends you use the information found here as an initial starting point for conducting your own research and conduct your own due diligence on the featured company in order to determine your own personal opinion of the company before investing. OTC Spotlight assumes all information to be truthful and reliable; however, we cannot and do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy of this information. All statements contained herein are deemed to be factual as of the date of this report and as such are subject to change without notice. OTC Spotlight is not an Investment Advisor, Financial Planning Service or a Stock Brokerage Firm and in accordance with such OTC Spotlight is not offering investment advice or promoting any investment strategies. OTC Spotlight is not offering securities for sale or solicitation of any offer to buy or sell securities. An offer to buy or sell can be made only with accompanying disclosure documents and only in the states and provinces for which they are approved. Any reference in the newsletter to past performance(s) of companies previously profiled in the newsletter are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of said companies and the companies referenced may not be representative of all past profiles as not all past profiles have performed as well. Please remember that past performance does not predict future results which is why it's called "past performance". On occasion OTC Spotlight receives compensation from a third party in relation to the company being profiled in its newsletter sent to our subscribers. In such a case OTC Spotlight directly mentions this in its newsletter sent to our subscribers along with the exact form and amount of compensation. OTC Spotlight has received five thousand free trading shares from a third party for the dissemination of this company profile. OTC Spotlight, its affiliates, associates, relatives and anyone associated with OTC Spotlight in any manner reserves the right to either buy or sell shares in the profiled company's stock, either before the date of the profile, during the date of the profile or at any time after the date of the profile. We have an inherent conflict of interest by sending the newsletter at the same time we may own stock in the same company or even have been paid compensation at the time of the profile/promotion. We reserve the right to sell shares at anytime, even during the time period in which we are profiling a company. OTC Spotlight may profile companies trading in fast moving, highly volatile markets, and any reader of this newsletter should observe the trading behavior of any profiled company prior to investing. 

