Return-Path: <tayers@sostechnical.com>
Delivered-To: bruce@bruce-guenter.dyndns.org
Received: (qmail 10208 invoked from network); 20 Oct 2000 23:57:19 -0000
Received: from daedalus.bfsmedia.com (198.169.201.8)
  by 10.2.1.99 with SMTP; 20 Oct 2000 23:57:19 -0000
Received: (qmail 29609 invoked by uid 500); 20 Oct 2000 23:57:18 -0000
Delivered-To: em-ca-bruceg@em.ca
Received: (qmail 29605 invoked from network); 20 Oct 2000 23:57:17 -0000
Received: from sosproxy.sosstaffing.com (HELO sosfile.sosstaffing.com) (208.219.25.232)
  by em.ca with SMTP; 20 Oct 2000 23:57:17 -0000
Received: by SOSFILE.SOSSTAFFING.COM with Internet Mail Service (5.5.2650.21)
	id <V2L1A892>; Fri, 20 Oct 2000 17:59:15 -0600
Message-ID: <5EA56B5504DAD311B2EB00A0C9DED6A4010AF634@SOSFILE.SOSSTAFFING.COM>
From: Todd Ayers <tayers@sostechnical.com>
To: bruceg@em.ca
Subject: Job Opportunities in Las Vegas, Reno, and Tucson!
Date: Fri, 20 Oct 2000 17:58:57 -0600
Return-Receipt-To: Todd Ayers <tayers@sostechnical.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
X-Mailer: Internet Mail Service (5.5.2650.21)
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Length: 8090

Job Opportunities in Las Vegas, Reno, and Tucson!

We found your resume posted on a resume posting site (i.e.Monster,
Headhunter, etc.). Here's a brief job description. What salary range are you
looking for and how soon you could be available? Are you interested in
direct hire, contractor, or both? Do you require relocation assistance?  

Please send me your updated resume so I can put you in our database and
submit you to our  client. Thanks! 


Software/Firmware Development Engineer - Las Vegas
Qualified applicants should have a Bachelors, Masters or Ph.D.  and be
proficient in real-time embedded applications development.  Experience with
microprocessor development in a real-time operating system with C/C++ and
assembly  are required. This is a leading manufacturer of products for the
gaming industry.


Embedded Software Engineer -Tucson
Analyze and define programs for electronic gaming devices and related
products.  Conduct analysis of sufficient detail of all defined systems
specifications and develops diagrams, logic flow charts, codes, prepares
test data, tests and debugs programs.  Revises and refines programs as
required and documents all procedures used throughout the programs and
evaluates and modifies existing programs to take into account changes in
system requirements.  Must strive to achieve the common objectives of
customer focus and continuous improvement.  Customers are defined as: The
Paying Customer, The Internal Customer (colleagues that are recipients of
work), Regulatory Agencies, Third Party Strategic Partners.  Complying with
company's regulatory guidelines and corporate policies.
Duties and Responsibilities:
- Carry out tasks with understanding of internal and external customer needs
- Identify and participate in improvement, apply quality standards and
procedures
- Development of game or core machines software, including design, test and
documentation to specific standards
- Create/review technical requirements and prepare written instructions and
reports
- Ensure adequate testing of software and participate in spec/design
meetings
- Responsible for own work, may occasionally assign/check work of technical
staff
Requires:
- BS in Computer Science and read, write and speak English
- 3-5 years related gaming experience
- 2 years experience with C and Assembly languages
- Excellent communication skills and be self-motivated/self-disciplined
- Must be a creative, forward and positive thinker and organized/detail
oriented
- Must be team, goal and results oriented
- Must be able to maintain confidentiality of information regarding the
company, products and employee information


Systems Software Engineer -Tucson
Analyze and define programs for low level communication protocols and device
drivers for gaming machines/devices. Develop diagrams, logic flow charts,
codes, prepare test data, and debug/test programs. Revise and refine
programs as required and document all procedures used throughout the
programs. Evaluate and modify existing programs to take into account changes
in system requirements.  Identify and improvement participation. Create and
review technical requirements. Ensure adequate testing of software. BA/BS in
Electrical Eng., Computer Science or related. Extensive experience with
Embedded systems in C and Assembly languages preferred. Team player, Goal
oriented, Motivated, Organized!


Embedded Software Engineer - Las Vegas
Create/Modify embedded software games, run tests by debugging and examining
programs, run test comparisons, calculations, meeting spec.s, evaluate
interface between hardware and software. 2 + years of experience in writing
microprocessor software, with a BSEE, or BSCS or related work experience.
Have worked with real time, assembly and C plus C++ language.  B.A. in
Computer Science or 0-3 years related exp. in programming.  Must have a
Nevada Gaming card or be able to obtain one


DSP Software/Firmware Engineer - Reno
To design, code and test DSP software for networking/communication/telephony
equipment.
The successful candidate must be able to produce accurate, timely designs in
a fast-paced working environment using assembly code for Telephony and
Speech Processing (DTMF, G.729A, G.168) applications and system control
functions.  Integration of third-party software modules and maintenance of
existing product software in essential.  The candidate should have good
working knowledge of ADSP218x or TMS320C54x architectures; familiarity in
real-time interrupt based processing and demonstrable process knowledge of
embedded systems development; and skilled use of software and hardware tools
(DSP simulators, in-circuit emulators).
Requirements: BSCS / BSEE with strong DSP background.  Minimum 2 years DSP
firmware experience.

Our Client develops broadband residential gateways that enable high speed
internet, voice and video communications to and from the home. The networks
into the home (twisted pair copper wires, coaxial cable and wireless
satellite) are seamlessly connected to the networks inside the home.


Software Engineer Manager Tucson
Manage and enhance the operations of the Software Engineering department.
Carry out tasks with an understanding of customer needs.  Seek to identify
and participate in improvement.
Duties and Responsibilities:
- Plan, staff, organize and control the Software Engineering department.
- Be responsible for personnel management and motivation of the department.
- Prepare and manage department budget.
- Advise and coordinate training of staff.
- Engage, supervise, and review contractors and consultants as required.
- Ensure resources are allocated to carry out tasks
- Review and monitor the status and progress of projects, making complex
industry relevant technical decisions
- Ensure the development of procedures and methodologies for s/w development
- Seek improvements to s/w development environment and process
- Guide selection of technologies and accreditation to QA standards
- Participate in product design and technical reviews
- Establish metrics for measuring s/w quality and productivity
- Travel as needed
Requirements:
- BS in computer science or electrical engineering preferred
- 5+ years technical supervisory experience.
- 5+ years software development experience preferable in embedded systems
- Strong analytical ability and willingness to think out of the box for
solutions
- Proven track record of completing projects and a self-starter
- Strong people skill, positive attitude, team player
- Strong communications and project management skills
- Willingness to learn new technologies and very organized


Embedded Software/Firmware Engineer - Reno
To design, code and test embedded software for networking/communication
equipment. 
The successful candidate must produce accurate, timely designs in a
fast-paced working environment with the ability to integrate third-party
software modules into the product.  Designing and implementing new software
modules, maintenance of existing product software and interfacing SW/HW
vendors to obtain information to complete assigned task is essential.  The
candidate must have a working knowledge of software engineering process and
should be skilled in the use of software tools (IDEs, source control,
debuggers, in-circuit-emulators).  Strong hardware knowledge; especially
network interface controllers (ethernet, ATM, SAR, Segmentation and
reassembly), PCI bus and various microprocessors are necessary.  Knowledge
of RTOS (RealTime Operating System), preferably vxWorks, is preferred.

Our Client develops broadband residential gateways that enable high speed
internet, voice and video communications to and from the home. The networks
into the home (twisted pair copper wires, coaxial cable and wireless
satellite) are seamlessly connected to the networks inside the home.




Todd Ayers
Branch Manager
SOS Technical Services
3505 East Flamingo Rd.
Las Vegas NV. 89121
Phone:702.451.2331
Fax:702.451.0433
tayers@sostechnical.com
http://www.sostechnical.com
*SOS Technical Las Vegas is a 
company member of 
Casino Managers Association

