Return-Path: <scleu@hotmail.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bruceg@em.ca
Received: (qmail 31590 invoked from network); 3 Jun 2001 16:06:28 -0000
Received: from webandmail63-170.qni.com (HELO bpubdc.bpu.com) (209.126.63.170)
  by em.ca with SMTP; 3 Jun 2001 16:06:28 -0000
From: scleu@hotmail.com
To: gnvgf@OnlineFriends
Reply-To: 10ma@bigfoot.com
Subject: Are YOU or Someone You Know Always SICK?                                    [liqmi]
Content-Length: 1746

Sufferers of...

Arthritis, Diabetes, Allergies, Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, 
Flu, Colds, Cancer, Heart Disease, Chronic Pain, 
Digestive Problems, MS, Fibromyalgia, Alzheimer, 
Blood Disorders, Lupus, Obesity, Psoriasis, Carpal 
Tunnel Syndrome, Premature Aging, Etc.....

Have you been in pain for years and given up hope, 
thinking nothing can help?

Are you or someone you know dying from one of these diseases?

Can't Find a Cure?

Would You like to Look Younger than You Really Are?

Would you like to Lose Weight?

Maybe Your Immune System is Out of Balance?

Maybe Your System is stressed out!

Want a Better Life?

WE CAN HELP! 4 Year Old –All Herbal, cutting edge 
Alternative Medicine Company has just come out with 
NEW Products that can help with these and other 
Health Problems, NOW!  

There is NO Competition, no other Company has the 
quality and diversity of products that we have!  
Thousands of testimonial letters prove that our 
Products Work!

Want to Help Us Eliminate Disease?  This company 
also has a Great Home Based Business Opportunity, 
with fantastic tools and a complete Turnkey Internet 
Marketing System.  The average distributor with 
just 50 active members, earns between $3,000-$5,000 
a month. Bigger distributors earn substantially more.

If you enjoy Helping People and are sick and tired 
of a Dead-end JOB that leads to nowhere, then maybe 
this is what you are looking for. Join us and get 
Healthy and Wealthy all at the same time!  You'll 
be Glad you did!

For more information, put "New Health Info" in the
subject line and send to:

mailto:tim16me@n2mail.com?subjectc=New_Health_Info

Be Healthy and Live Long!
Larry

PS: Please put "Remove" in the subject line
to get out from this list. Thanks.

