Return-Path: <revenuesdouble505@excite.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bruceg@em.ca
Received: (qmail 18943 invoked from network); 22 May 2001 06:04:44 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO tisauzon.Bretagne-Online.com) (212.157.85.1)
  by em.ca with SMTP; 22 May 2001 06:04:44 -0000
Received: from excite.com ([65.67.112.186]) by tisauzon.Bretagne-Online.com
          (Post.Office MTA v3.1.2 release (PO205-101c)
          ID# 511-56829U300L100S0) with SMTP id AAA267;
          Mon, 21 May 2001 21:33:57 +0200
Message-ID: <00007b9f52f0$00000cd3$00001b7b@excite.com>
To: <New Holding>
From: revenuesdouble505@excite.com
Subject: ALERT (Symbol: VERC) April Revenues Double                         7035
Date: Mon, 21 May 2001 14:37:28 -1700
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="Windows-1252"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Priority: 1
X-MSMail-Priority: High
Reply-To: revenuesdouble504@excite.com
Content-Length: 8809

(PR NEWSWIRE) VersaCOM International, Inc. Reports Doubling of Revenue in
April Versus March; May Estimates are Even Higher

BOCA RATON, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 17, 2001--VersaCOM
International, Inc. (OTCBB:VERC) announced today that revenues in
April were approximately $171,000, exceeding March revenues by
approximately $83,000 and almost equal to the total revenues in the
first quarter of this year. Management further stated they expect the
trend to continue and have estimated that May revenues could exceed
$250,000.
   VersaCOM International, Inc. is a Boca Raton, Florida based
full-service provider of telecommunications systems, data networks and
related products and services throughout the United States. In
addition to designing, distributing, installing and programming
telecommunications and data systems, VersaCOM offers cabling,
training, product customization and 24 x 7 customer support and
maintenance. VersaCOM also markets local and long distance
communications services as an authorized BellSouth partner and a
reseller for Cable and Wireless. Lastly, VersaCOM's technicians and
engineers provide on-site system/network administration and other
technical support. VersaCOM specializes in providing voice and data
solutions to companies with more than one business location. These
companies have special needs for consistent, responsive services.
   VersaCOM International, Inc. was incorporated in Florida in
January 1999. In addition to the corporate headquarters in Boca Raton,
the company has a regional operations in the Baltimore-Washington
metropolitan area and the New York-New Jersey metropolitan area. It
also employs a business development and marketing professional in
Southern California. For more information on VersaCOM International's
products and services, please see their web site at:
www.versacominc.com

   This press release contains forward-looking statements. The words
"estimate," "possible" and "seeking" and similar expressions identify
forward-looking statements, which speak only as to the date the
statement was made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether because of
new information, future events, or otherwise. Forward-looking
statements are inherently subject too risks and uncertainties, some
which cannot be predicted or quantified. Future events and actual
results could differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated
by, or underlying the forward-looking statements. The risks and
uncertainties to which forward-looking statements are subject include,
but are not limited to, the effect of government regulation,
competition and other material risks.


 (PR NEWSWIRE)  
VersaCOM Projects $3.6 Million In Revenue Per Year from Newly Acquired Maine
Subsidiaries

    BOCA RATON, Fla., May 18 /PRNewswire/ -- VersaCOM International, Inc.
(OTC Bulletin Board: VERC) announced today the completion of the purchase of
Northeast Technologies, Inc. in Westbrook, ME.  Management projects this
acquisition when combined with the projected Wolf Communications, Inc.
acquisition will result in an additional $3.6 Million in revenue per year
for VersaCOM.
    Northeast Telecommunications specializes in the design, installation and
repair of copper and fiber optic cable systems for voice and data networks.
Northeast Telecommunications serves clients located in Maine, Vermont, New
Hampshire, Massachusetts and Connecticut.  It fields a staff of six
manufacturer certified design and installation personnel.  The company
maintains electronic and hardcopy records of each installation it performs
which will allow the Versacom sales team to up sell the latest products and
services offered by Versacom.
    "The acquisition of Northeast Telecommunications is an excellent fit in
Veracom's growth and market consolidation strategy, says Versacom's CEO,
John Kaiser.  "Northeast Technologies has a strong and loyal customer base.
There are also strong business synergies with the previously announced plans to
acquire voice and data networking company, Wolf Communications; also of
Westbrook, ME," added Kaiser.
    Fred Schwartz, Chief Operating Officer at Versacom says, "Northeast
Technologies dedication to delivering quality services, and the highest
standards of customer service and satisfaction are parallel to Versacom's
own way of doing business and significantly expands our ability to service
clients with multiple business locations."
    Timothy Booth, President of Northeast Telecommunications adds, "The
strategic business plan developed by Versacom will enable us to grow and
develop at a rate that could not be attained without our joining the
Versacom team."  "Our business philosophies, the markets serviced and the way we
interact with our customers and treat our employees makes this sale an
excellent strategic fit for both of our companies."
    Booth will join Versacom International, Inc. in the capacity of Manager
of Cabling Operations.  In this capacity, he will be responsible for
establishing consistent standards throughout Versacom for cable design and installation.
As a part of the standardization program, Booth will be responsible for
product selection and standardization of products and brands as well as
training and certification programs throughout the growing Versacom
organization.  "This will result in greater purchasing efficiencies and will
insure that all cable installation personnel will be knowledgeable about the
materials they work with," said Booth.  "The customers benefit in higher
standards of work and faster completion of the jobs," Booth added.

    Versacom International, Inc. is a Boca Raton, Florida based full-service
provider of telecommunications systems, data networks and related products
and services throughout the United States.  In addition to designing,
distributing, installing and programming telecommunications and data
systems, Versacom offers cabling, training, product customization and 24 x 7 customer
support and maintenance.  Versacom also markets local and long distance
communications services as an authorized BellSouth partner and a reseller
for Cable and Wireless.  Lastly, Versacom's technicians and engineers provide
on-site system/network administration and other technical support.  Versacom
specializes in providing voice and data solutions to companies with more
than one business location.  These companies have special needs for consistent,
responsive services.
    Versacom International, Inc. was incorporated in Florida in January
1999. In addition to the corporate headquarters in Boca Raton, the company has a
regional operations in the Baltimore-Washington metropolitan area and the
New York-New Jersey metropolitan area.  It also employs a business development
and marketing professional in Southern California.  For more information on
Versacom International's products and services, please see their web site
at: www.versacominc.com

    Northeast Telecommunications provides quality design, installation and
repair services for voice and data cable systems.  It serves clients in
Maine, Vermont, New Hampshire, Massachusetts and Connecticut.  Capabilities include
both high-speed copper cable and optical fiber cable technologies.  As an
added value for its clients, it provides clients with hardcopy and
electronic copies of the installation and maintains complete duplicate electronic files
for each installation.  This facilitates easy expansion of the cable plant
and for trouble shooting problems should they arise.

    This press release contains forward-looking statements.  The words
"estimate," "possible" and "seeking" and similar expressions identify
forward-looking statements, which speak only as to the date the statement
was made.  The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future
events, or otherwise.  Forward-looking statements are inherently subject too risks
and uncertainties, some which cannot be predicted or quantified.  Future events
and actual results could differ materially from those set forth in,
contemplated by, or underlying the forward-looking statements.  The risks
and uncertainties to which forward-looking statements are subject include, but
are not limited to, the effect of government regulation, competition and other
material risks.

                         VersaCOM International, Inc.
                             www.versacominc.com
                800.531.1577 extension 1254  Fax 949.653.0113















(PR NEWSWIRE) VersaCOM International, Inc. Reports Doubling of Revenue in
(PR NEWSWIRE) VersaCOM International, Inc. Reports Doubling of Revenue in
(PR NEWSWIRE) VersaCOM International, Inc. Reports Doubling of Revenue in



