Return-Path: <lwprb@aol.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bruceg@em.ca
Received: (qmail 8246 invoked from network); 25 May 2001 00:50:57 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO lti1.linear.lineartech.com) (63.86.166.115)
  by em.ca with SMTP; 25 May 2001 00:50:57 -0000
Received: from fwny01.lineartech.com (10.0.0.1 [10.0.0.1]) by lti1.linear.lineartech.com with SMTP (Microsoft Exchange Internet Mail Service Version 5.5.2653.13)
	id LNXDA4CG; Thu, 24 May 2001 20:38:25 -0400
From: lwprb@aol.com
To: jxwcy@SmartFriends
Reply-To: t3mo1@bigfoot.com
Subject: Change Your Life..."THE SECRET IS OUT"                                     [etijv]
Content-Length: 3356

Hi Friend,

WE'RE LETTING A MAJOR SECRET OUT OF THE BAG TODAY!

The top Legal Consultant in this industry has just
developed a literal cash machine. Now, people in
our activity are receiving money from all over the
place. $500 into $4,000 virtually overnight. And
that's just for starters. Everything is done for
you automatically!

This will absolutely amaze you.

NO faxing, NO meetings, NO doing everyone else's
work for them. Join the only legitimate and legal
program of its kind.

Reply to, mailto:tim9u2@n2mail.com?subject=Details_Please
with your name, phone number, and best time to reach
you.  I'll personally give you this amazing, private
website URL.  Do It Now!

Here's why this activity can help you:

1. Complete Automation! Everything is done via
computer. Take your life back again; let advanced
technology do most of the work for you.

2. You can see where you are in the system at all
times. You get an email notifying you instantly
every step of your growth. Everything happens in
real time.

3. An online website that your people can visit to
get the info. Talk about convenience! Just send
everyone there with the current password and your
Prospect will automatically join.

4. Now everyone can afford to participate!

Get in at the beginning for once! Be at the TOP
and be there before others coming in under you.
This program is not only legal... it is blatantly
legal.

HINT: Your upline is a heavy marketer. That's
means alot of overspill. Don't wait! Contact us
now before the masses jump in ahead of you!

Reply to: mailto:tim9u2@n2mail.com?subject=Details_Please
with your name, phone number, and the best time to
reach you. I'll personally give you this amazing,
private Website URL.

Do It Now!

Testimonials

"While the gifts I received are indeed very
helpful, the wonderful people I have met have
assisted me in other personal matters I could
not resolve alone." - N.H. - Georgia

"The gift I gave was to somebody I didn't know and
it still brought me joy. The feelings I have from
sharing my gifts with my family and being able to
give such needed help to them when they really
needed it is eternally warming." - E.A. - Arkansas

"I have been fortunate enough to have people that
care enough about me to introduce me to an
activity that has given me my life back. The team
effort, and the positive energy I have experienced
here have been absolutely amazing!!" -M.B. -
Oregon

"I was personally approached about gifting by
someone who knew me through a mutual acquaintance.
The people I met gifted me over $25,000 in an
eight week period. This came at a very crucial
time in my life. In return I helped many others
experience the gifting activity. I wish everyone
could participate." -D.N. - Indiana

"I Know that money doesn't buy happiness, but this
program has done a world of good for my marriage
that was suffering under the weight of massive
debt." - S.S. - California

"Since I entered these activities I have met many
people I believe will be my friends for life." -
D.P. - Montana

"If I hadn't met these people when I did, I would
have lost my mortgage to my house due to illness.
Giving is good." - Y.L. - New York

Reply to: mailto:tim9u2@n2mail.com?subject=Details_Please
with your name, phone number, and the best time to
reach you. I'll personally give you this amazing,
private Website URL.

Do It Now!

