Return-Path: <mfeind@menschenfeind.com>
Delivered-To: bruceg@daedalus.bfsmedia.sk.ca
Received: (qmail 18840 invoked by uid 500); 18 Jul 2000 06:08:20 -0000
Message-ID: <20000718060820.18839.qmail@daedalus.bfsmedia.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bruceg@em.ca
Received: (qmail 18835 invoked from network); 18 Jul 2000 06:08:16 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO tolken.iconhost.com) (63.204.101.74)
  by em.ca with SMTP; 18 Jul 2000 06:08:16 -0000
Received: (qmail 19309 invoked from network); 18 Jul 2000 04:44:15 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO localhost) (216.106.70.246)
  by tolken.iconhost.com with SMTP; 18 Jul 2000 04:44:15 -0000
X-Sender: mfeind@menschenfeind.com
From: Menschenfeind <mfeind@menschenfeind.com>
To: "menschenfeind news" <mfeind@menschenfeind.com>
Date: Mon, 17 Jul 2000 23:42:51 -0500
Subject: E.C. TOUR
Reply-To: mail@menschenfeind.com
Organization: MENSCHENFEIND PRODUCTIONs
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit

Sorry if you receive this twice. The first time i mailed this out the wrong message 
seems to have 
been posted to certain groups.


EUGENICS COUNCIL TOUR

Thank you to everyone who has expressed an interest in the Eugenics Council
and has helped us book shows.

We have modified our U.S. tour, it will now be approximately 3-4 weeks and
include only the
Midwest and North Eastern States. We hope to reach the West Coast sometime
within the next year.

Any orders sent to menschenfeind productions will not be sent out until
after the tour.
Sorry about the inconvenience

Unfortunately there are still a few gaps in the tour, which are listed on
the Eugenics Council Tour page: They are also listed below in this email
http://menschenfeind.com/eugenicscouncil/tour.html

If anyone is within reasonable distance of our confirmed dates (8 hours or
less) and would like to
help us book something, please email:
menschenfeind@mail.com
or leave a voice mail 1+(320)-207-6343

E.C. will play with any type of band at any venue.

JULY

22 Cleveland Ohio
(7 bands, Early Show) Speak in Tongues
(440)842-2618
23 Akron Ohio The Peanut Gallery 330-253-8334 (with Lockweld + many others)
24 Ohio OPEN
25 Detroit OLd Miami (313) 831-3830
26 Detroit
27 Pittsburgh PA OPEN
28 Pittsburgh PA
(With Lockweld) Cool Pepper's Hot House
4324 Butler Street
29 Kent Ohio The Mantis 330-673-4353 257 N.water st (with Lockweld + other bands 
TBA)
30 Philia. PA tba
31 Washington D.C. THE VELVET LOUNGE 915 U St., NW, DC; (202) 462-3213, or
call 462-ROCK to hear samples of upcoming shows. 21+ only, no cover
downstairs. (with SIKHARA, and some guy from the Czech Republic who's played 
with the Residents and Lydia Lunch




Aug


1 NEW JERSEY OPEN
2 N.Y. OPEN
3 Pittsburgh PA Millvale Industrial Theater
4 N.Y. OPEN
5 RochesterN.Y.
(Fetish Carnival) Water St. Music Hall & Piranha

The Eugenics Council / Randall Phillip cd is Now available
For more info visit menschenfeind.com

This cd has been released in 2 editions. One packaged in jewel
cases the other in vinyl bags. Each cd contains alternate mixes, and mastering 
of songs.

A review from Audioghoul magazine 
http://user.netomia.com/penguinboy/record_eugenicscouncil1.html





Let’s face it, in a genre spawned by Whitehouse and dominated by the likes of 
Sutcliffe Jügend, Genocide Organ and 
Brighter Death Now, it has become extremely difficult to actually succeed in 
standing out from the crowd in producing ‘music’ 
more genuinely shocking and offensive than what has already been done. Likewise, 
with so many power electronics units 
active and exploring the limits of analog synth torture, noise loops, flanged 
vocals and mangled samples, a project that wishes 
to be noticed really has to bring something fresh to the audio torture chamber. 
This record, a split-cum-collaboration between a regular power electronics duo 
and the editor of ‘Fuck’, possibly the 
most surreally obscene and determinedly vile zine on the planet, is an interesting 
answer to these challenges from the 
American scene that has already produced the likes of Taint, Death Squad and 
Slogun. Musically, The Eugenics Council are 
definitely closer to these other US units, especially Taint, with their dense, 
textured, fuzzy, cut-up noise sound as distinct from 
the more sparse shrieking synth work of their British and Italian peers. The 
Eugenics Council’s sound is exceedingly rich and 
varied, with intelligent and nasty use of looped vocal samples. Several instrumental 
tracks are based on blackly humourous 
noise loops very reminiscent of the progenitor of US noise, the almighty Boyd 
Rice. 
As listeners to Susan Lawly’s ‘Extreme Music For Women’ compilation will know, 
what sets the Eugenics Council 
apart is that they have a female vocalist, Rosemary Malign, - not only that, 
but she is also one of the best vocal performers in 
the genre, with a varied and vicious technique that achieves the difficult feat 
of apparent spontaneity and realism of which Kevin 
Tomkins remains the undisputed master. Ranging from hateful snarls through deliberately 
tuneless singing up to unbearable 
high-pitched shrieking that reminds all of us who’ve been in bad relationships 
just how downright harsh, spiteful and unpleasant 
a woman’s voice can be, she delivers a thoroughly convincing and suitably distressing 
performance. The finest Eugenics 
Council tracks on the CD, notably ‘Dead Babies’, ‘Letter to Daddy’ and ‘Dirty 
Girl’ capitalise on her talents with such ‘feminine’ 
subject matter as the vileness of children (the manipulated screaming baby samples 
are truly horrendous), little-girl 
sentimentalism and bitchiness, producing a suitably grim counterpart to Whitehouse’s 
misanthropic image of masculinity. 
Randall Phillip, on the other hand, answers the challenge of offensiveness. The 
material he delivers is the ‘musical’ 
equivalent of Tourette’s syndrome, a compulsive barrage of racial, sexual and 
social vulgarity so intense, relentless and 
convoluted that it can’t help but become funny, as power electronics acts such 
as Intrinsic Action do when they try too hard 
and too theatrically. Luckily, Dr. Phillip is well aware of this, and deliberately 
aims for the blackest of black comic effect as the 
world’s first power electronics stand-up comedian. Crooning just as tunelessly 
as Ms. Malign or ranting deliriously in any of a 
number of ridiculous voices with and without effects, he comes across as a cross 
between a (much) nastier Dennis Leary, 
William Bennett and a crazed homeless alcoholic. The high points of his contributions 
to the album are ‘Jew-Gook-Nigger’, 
which sounds like a particularly vile skit on Skippy the Kangeroo, Flipper and 
the like, and ‘You Make My Love Come Down’, a 
tender recital of love poetry. Musically, his tracks fit in smoothly with the 
rest, presumably also involving the very talented 
Dustin and Rosemary. 
The final track is a disappointingly brief glimpse of a live performance with 
both vocalists 'singing' different songs 
simultaneously, eventually developing into a short ‘dance mix’ which really should 
have been expanded to track length for the 
benefit of pissed-off industrial DJs. 
Overall this is a very fine power electronics release that comes recommended 
to fans of the genre. The less than 
wholly serious nature of the CD as a whole does perhaps tend to hide the fact 
that the Eugenics Council are a deadly earnest 
project fit to stand comparison with the finer acts in the genre, but musically 
the collaboration is a very fruitful one. If you 
possess both a hatred of mankind and a truly vile sense of humour, this CD is 
probably for you. 


Menschenfeind Productions is an independent label and distro that deals with
Extreme music and
culture.

--
MENSCHENFEIND PRODUCTIONS
http://www.menschenfeind.com
FUCK MAGAZINE
http://www.menschenfeind.com
EUGENICS COUNCIL
http://mp3.com/eugenicscouncil
http://menschenfeind.com/eugenicscouncil
If mail bounces resend to menschenfeind@mail.com





MENSCHENFEIND PRODUCTIONS
http://www.menschenfeind.com
FUCK MAGAZINE
http://www.menschenfeind.com
EUGENICS COUNCIL
http://mp3.com/eugenicscouncil
http://menschenfeind.com/eugenicscouncil
If mail bounces resend to menschenfeind@mail.com




MENSCHENFEIND PRODUCTIONS
http://www.menschenfeind.com
FUCK MAGAZINE
http://www.menschenfeind.com
EUGENICS COUNCIL
http://mp3.com/eugenicscouncil
http://menschenfeind.com/eugenicscouncil
If mail bounces resend to menschenfeind@mail.com

