Return-Path: <etdby@msn.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bruceg@em.ca
Received: (qmail 20087 invoked from network); 9 Apr 2001 18:26:14 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO sparrow.org) (208.46.34.2)
  by em.ca with SMTP; 9 Apr 2001 18:26:14 -0000
Received: by sparrow.org
	with Novell_GroupWise; Sun, 08 Apr 2001 23:42:17 -0500
Received: from shsgate.sparrow.org ([10.20.33.19])
	by shsmailgate (GroupWise SMTP/MIME daemon 4.1 v3)
	; Sun,  8 Apr 01 23:42:11 EDT
From: etdby@msn.com
To: nmspc@MyOnlinefriends
Reply-To: t3m1@bigfoot.com
Subject: Financial Freedom, Work From Home!                                    [opjwk]
Content-Length: 2399

Hi,

My name is Kathy, and if you have a little time after 
your job to work from your home, this could be ideal 
for you. 

I looked it over and after learning more about the entire 
program, I became a VIP and started to make some extra money.   
I am sure that things will keep improving and in about 2-3  
years,  I hope my husband and I can work comfortably from 
home for good.  

This program  doesn't ever require you to buy any products 
to earn your monthly checks, which is a refreshing change 
from other organizations (been there, done that!). The 
success of the  Club is built on teamwork, and I would be
pleased to welcome you as part of our team. 

I am having great success with the Club, and I will do all 
I can to see that you succeed also. The Club has such broad 
appeal because it offers what everyone can use----discount  
shopping and its business opportunity is outstanding. It is 
FREE to join, then look over  everything it has to offer. 
Then if you have a question about anything that you don't 
understand please e-mail me. I will answer you promptly. 

If you just want the discount shopping, you're never obligated 
to upgrade to VIP.   But as a VIP member you will soon find 
the value of the benefits to be much greater than the cost.. 
If you use your benefits package  it is IMPOSSIBLE to lose 
money. You will be in a powerful organization.  Another
thing I really like - is that you do everything by e-mail. 
You don't have to talk to anyone in person  and you don't have
to pester your friends and relatives into joining something, 
either! You have millions of prospects on the Internet, with 
thousands joining daily. You'll never run out of prospects. 
The Club really works -  its in the midst of an EXPLOSION in 
growth. The potential is great.   You can move into profits 
in no time, and from there, build a large downline.  

Dedicate some time everyday to this program and you will be 
successful.  It Works! Again, thank you for giving me an 
opportunity to offer you this amazing program and even if 
you don't join us, I wish you the very best  for your success.   

Just send me your first and last names and e-mail address in 
the message area with "sign me up" in the subject line and 
I will enter you as a FREE member.

mailto:tim1u@n2mail.com?subject=Sign_Me_Up

You have nothing to lose and possibly a lot to gain!
 
Best Regards,
Kathy 

