Return-Path: <clouds@ekidz.com.au>
Delivered-To: bfsmedia-timolnar@bfsmedia.com
Received: (qmail 10521 invoked from network); 24 Apr 2001 17:05:34 -0000
Received: from acc.hkc.edu.tw (HELO acc.) (192.192.241.3)
  by bfsmedia.sk.ca with SMTP; 24 Apr 2001 17:05:34 -0000
Received: from ekidz.com.au by acc. (SMI-8.6/SMI-SVR4)
	id AAA20447; Wed, 25 Apr 2001 00:58:47 +0800
From: clouds@ekidz.com.au
Message-ID: <000014be759b$0000667b$00004aac@ekidz.com.au>
To: <clouds@ekidz.com.au>
Subject: New Skin Resurfacing Technology                         19116
Date: Wed, 25 Apr 2001 03:08:27 -0700
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="Windows-1252"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Mailer:  Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2615.200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2615.200
Content-Length: 5285
Lines: 59

WWW.NonSurgicalWays.Com 

Introduces the first thermo-bonding skin resurfacing facial. It outperforms 
acids/chemicals, derma-abrasion, and laser without side-effects! It removes 
the corneum instantly and completely, right down to the layers that are still 
hovering between life and death, without invading the 
underlying healthy tissue that supports regeneration. 
Wrinkles, acne & acne scars, discoloration, brown spots, large pores, razor burns can now be more 
effectively removed without burning, redness, increased sensitivity to the sun, pigmentation, altered skin 
texture, scarring, scaling, dehydration, milia, darkening of moles or spider veins, long periods of recovery, 
or any of the risks, inconvenience or high costs of invasive treatment. 

www.NonsurgicalWays.com 
The system is centered around a previously unknown enzyme from Aloe which proves once again that the 
best medicinal technologies still come from the higher plants, even for restoring aging and damaged skin! 
Years beyond the best, it is without exception the most advanced and exciting facial in the marketplace today, and is setting the new standard of excellence by which the performance of all other facials will be measured. 
Children and teenagers have soft, smooth skin simply because it is replaced more often. "New You" speeds up the renewal cycle from 45 days, as in midlife, to every 7 to 14 days -- the same frequency of renewal that accounts for the bloom in the radiant complexion of children! 
It is also the only system that addresses the fact that an increased rate of cell turnover also depends upon the availability of lipids, as well as frequent exfoliation. Your skin metabolizes lipids which are its only source of energy for cellular movement. These lipids become lost just with everyday cleansing, let alone deep exfoliation. The kit contains a serum that synergistically contributes to a faster rate of skin renewal by replenishing the lipid component of your skin. 
It's within your power to have the skin you desire...
 
www.NonsurgicalWays.com 

Retin-A, glycolic/Alpha-hydroxy acids, salicylic acid (Beta-hydroxy acid), papain, bromelain, are all invasive, whether they are used in a doctor's office or at home using the weaker products. The inflammatory process, even if only a mild irritation, always involves free radical formation and the healing of it always leaves some fibrous scar tissue even though it may not be visible on the surface. Repeated use of acid/irritating products could lead to atypical changes in the texture of your skin. Also, the elastosis produced from any inflammation paradoxically accelerates wrinkling and further ages you. 
Works in under 10 minutes with no tell-tale signs of treatment--except that you look undeniably younger! If you are an acne sufferer, it will accelerate healing and prevent scarring, while scars that may have already formed will continue to improve. 
Physicians are using it to replace invasive treatments and salons are incorporating it into their facials. 
Immediate noticable results with remarkable cumulative changes in the quality 
of your skin as you reactivate a more youthful rate of renewal. 
Approaches acne from all 3 therapeutic directions: reduces cornification (the stratum corneum 
forms the lining of the pilosebaceous ducts), sebum build-up and the growth of P. acnes. 
Reveals lower layers of skin where pores are smaller and dislodges debris from the 
bottom so they can return to their normal size. 
Your skin comes in tighter each time it is reinstated. 
The same metabolic principles apply as when your body repairs a superficial cut-- 
the skin is replaced within 7 days and comes in a little tighter than before. 
40% of customers are men. 
12 applications are equal to or better than a chemical peel. 
Prevents wrinkles from forming when used early on. 
No increased risk of pigmentation associated with hormone replacement therapy. 
Oxygenates the asphyxiated epidermis and makes for maximum absorption 
and effectiveness of supplemental skin therapies. 
Safe to use concurrently with other therapies and if pregnant. 
Safe to use on delicate tissue around the eyes and on the lips. 
Beneficial for pre-cancerous lesions moreso than products that slough cells 
but cause increased sensitivity to the sun in the process. 
Evens out skin tone and gives uniform color. 
Safe even for extremely sensitive skin. 
At last a product for ethnic skin types who risk 
hypopigmentation with conventional techniques. 
No increased risk of pigmentation due to sun exposure after treatment. 
As a regimen it offers an alternative to surgical methods and gives better aesthetic results. 
The health of your skin reaches its fullest potential! 
Younger looking skin than you ever thought possible without surgery or setbacks! 
The only skin care you will ever need! 
No one else knows which plant, of the over 2,000 varieties of Aloe, the enzyme comes from, 
nor the proprietary process used to extract it. It is exclusive and can never be duplicated. 

For more details and to view before and after pictures, go to www.NonSurgicalWays.com, the website committed to searching out the best no-nonsense health and beauty products that actually deliver on what they promise. 
30 day money-back guarantee

