Return-Path: <quicknews@pciis340d.unil.ch>
Delivered-To: bfsmedia-design@bfsmedia.com
Received: (qmail 22086 invoked from network); 31 Jan 2001 12:10:43 -0000
Received: from qualico.ca (HELO ns.qualico.ca) (root@161.184.134.185)
  by bfsmedia.sk.ca with SMTP; 31 Jan 2001 12:10:43 -0000
Received: from 63.10.49.247 (1Cust247.tnt1.charlotte.nc.da.uu.net [63.10.49.247])
	by ns.qualico.ca (8.9.3/8.8.7) with SMTP id FAA03631;
	Wed, 31 Jan 2001 05:45:15 -0700
From: quicknews@pciis340d.unil.ch
Message-ID: <000017b2600a$000012cf$00004b59@63.10.49.247>
To: <marketingag@hotmail.com>
Subject: MAJOR STOCK ALERT!
Date: Wed, 31 Jan 2001 02:09:13 -0500
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="Windows-1252"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
Content-Length: 6663
Lines: 116

OTC HOT PICKS previous BUY ALERTS have gained over 467 % !!!

Congratulations to those that participated in our previous alerts: 
ECEC from $ .05 to $ .93, PCOM from $1.53 to $5.69, 
and GWRX from $1.31 to $5.88!

STRONG BUY:
Clements Golden Phoenix Enterprises, Inc.
OTCBB: CPHX
BUY AT $ .63
SELL TARGET $5.50 

SPECIAL ALERT…CPHX AWARDED EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTION RIGHTS
TO SUPPLY CITRUS PRODUCTS TO MILLIONS OF CHINESE CONSUMERS !
CPHX DOMINATES THE $10 BILLION CITRUS PRODUCTS MARKET IN
CHINA'S NEW GROWING ECONOMY !!!

Clements Golden Phoenix Enterprises (CPHX) is capitalizing on China's
recent acceptance into the World Trade Organization (WTO) coupled with
the lifting of a 20-year ban on importing American citrus, thus creating
perhaps the most financially explosive opportunity ever in that nation. 
These perfectly timed political maneuvers have vaulted CPHX into the
position of becoming the "Minute Maid" or "Tropicana" of China to the
country's 1.2 BILLION people.

Market research performed by Tropicana Juices owned by PepesiCo
(NYSE: PEP) and Minute Maid owned by Coca Cola (NYSE: KO) have
forecast annual sales of citrus products to be in the $BILLIONS for a
nation in a frenzy for the fresh fruits and juices they have gone so long 
without. The vast, "wide open" citrus market will eventually lead to joint
ventures, partnerships, or perhaps much more in the future between the
major players in this arena now that ground has been broken. 

CPHX has joined eFruit International.com, the largest online marketplace
for fresh fruit and juices, to aggressively expand worldwide sales. This
site is used by government buyers from over 20 countries to purchase
premium citrus products. CPHX expects that the affiliation with eFruit will
generate additional revenues in excess of $5 million annually. This enhances
the opportunity for profit with CPHX trading near its low while revenues soar!

Armed with major U.S. and Chinese political backing, CPHX has partnered
with the largest dairy and consumer foods distributors throughout China. 
The exclusive licensing and distribution awarded to CPHX follows the
 Government of China's program to make citrus products and juices more
readily available and affordable while promoting the awareness of health
and nutrition. As China makes rapid leaps to catch up to worldwide standards,
China has addressed the fact that it's citrus production is less than one-fourth
ofwhat the U.S. produces while having 5 times the population.

OTCBB: CPHX
Recent Price: $ .63
52 Week High/Low: $4.13 - $ .56
Shares Outstanding: 28.5 Million
Float: 1.5 Million
Target Price: $5.50

The expectation of astronomical sales is bolstered by China's friendly
attitude and environment towards CPHX to capture significant market
share. As a new WTO member, the eyes of many nations are tracking
China's handling and progress of citrus importation. This includes the
drastic lowering of tariffs on citrus, juices, and frozen concentrate to
keep in line with the standard trade practices of other WTO member nations. 

Our research on CPHX clearly reveals that its exponential growth has
not yet been noticed by investors. Increased attention with expanding
volume is expected as strong company news is released. We anticipate
many other well known newsletters will also be exposing CPHX to their
subscribers in the near term. With its low float and undervalued stock
price, CPHX has the potential to outperform even our best recommendations
in the past few months!





DISCLAIMER: OTC Hot Picks Newsletter cautions that small and
micro-cap stocks are high-risk investments and that some or all investment
dollars can be lost. We suggest you consult a professional investment
advisor before purchasing any stock. All opinions expressed on the featured
company are the opinions of OTC Hot Picks. All information concerning the
companies is received directly from the companies profiled and/or outside
interviews conducted by OTC Hot Picks. OTC Hot Picks recommends you use
the information found here as an initial starting point for conducting your own
research and conduct your own due diligence on the featured company in
order to determine your own personal opinion of the company before investing.
OTC Hot Picks assumes all information to be truthful and reliable; however,
we cannot and do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy of this information.
All statements contained herein are deemed to be factual as of the date of 
his report and as such are subject to change without notice. OTC Hot Picks
is not an Investment Advisor, Financial Planning Service or a Stock Brokerage
Firm and in accordance with such OTC Hot Picks is not offering investment
advice or promoting any investment strategies. OTC Hot Picks is not offering
securities for sale or solicitation of any offer to buy or sell securities. An offer
to buy or sell can be made only with accompanying disclosure documents
and only in the states and provinces for which they are approved. Any reference
in the newsletter to past performance(s) of companies previously profiled in
the newsletter are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable
performance of said companies and the companies referenced may not be
representative of all past profiles as not all past profiles have performed as well.
Please remember that past performance does not predict future results which is
why it’s called "past performance". On occasion OTC Hot Picks receives compensation
from a third party in relation to the company being profiled in its newsletter sent to
our subscribers. In such a case, OTC Hot Picks directly mentions this in its
newsletter sent to our subscribers along with the exact form and amount of
compensation. OTC Hot Picks has received five thousand free trading shares from
a third party for the dissemination of this company profile. OTC Hot Picks, its
affiliates, associates, relatives and anyone associated with OTC Hot Picks in
any manner reserves the right to either buy or sell shares in the profiled company's
stock, either before the date of the profile, during the date of the profile or at any
time after the date of the profile. We have an inherent conflict of interest by sending
the newsletter at the same time we may own stock in the same company or even
have been paid compensation at the time of the profile/promotion. We reserve the
right to sell shares at anytime, even during the time period in which we are profiling 
a company. OTC Hot Picks may profile companies trading in fast moving, volatile
markets, and any reader of this newsletter should observe the trading behavior of
any profiled company prior to investing. 
