Return-Path: <Freeviagrasample@yahoo.com>
Delivered-To: snssoftw-email@snssoftware.com
Received: (qmail 22626 invoked from network); 24 Aug 2001 09:14:36 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO dogbert.targetstamped.com) (12.28.112.12)
  by em1.net with SMTP; 24 Aug 2001 09:14:36 -0000
Received: by Dogbert.bayloff.com with Internet Mail Service (5.5.2653.19)
	id <RD341RDT>; Fri, 24 Aug 2001 05:13:45 -0400
Received: from 4.4.73.233 (baysvwall.bayloff.com [172.16.48.102]) by dogbert.targetstamped.com with SMTP (Microsoft Exchange Internet Mail Service Version 5.5.2653.13)
	id RD341RDG; Fri, 24 Aug 2001 05:13:26 -0400
From: Freeviagrasample@yahoo.com
Reply-To: This is for Opt-Out ONLY <Sampleofferout@yahoo.com>
To: Undisclosed Recipients
Message-ID: <0000396c7a0d$00000e12$00004ae9@>
Subject: FREE SAMPLE of Viagra for Women
Date: Thu, 23 Aug 2001 22:57:23 -0500
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
Content-Length: 7245
Lines: 87


Finally An Answer for Women

A Revolutionary New Product just for Women is putting passion back into their life!

What is the product known as Viagra for women?
It is a topical sexual enhancement cream for women. It is the answer to a woman's true sexuality. Developed by Ronald James Thompson, M.D., a Board Certified obstetrician/gynecologist,  provides women with heightened sexual sensitivity and responsiveness. This leads to better, more enjoyable sex for both the man and the woman. The end result, in most cases, is a healthier sex life and a healthier, stronger relationship. 
Finally, women can enjoy enhanced physical sensation, safely and naturally! 

Use of the topical sexual enhancement cream can result in greater orgasmic pleasure, as well as to induce orgasm for those women who have had difficulty achieving orgasm in the past

Who can benefit? 
Every Woman! 
Over 46% of the women in America experience little or no sexual satisfaction from clitoral orgasm and only 25% achieve orgasm with intercourse. In fact, countless numbers of women, between the ages of 18 and 80, do not even know what an orgasm is or how it is achieved. Whether you are multi-orgasmic or are among the 46% of women who are sexually frustrated, every woman who desires maximum sexual fulfillment, greater intimacy, and enhanced relationships stands to benefit from regular use.. 

CLICK HERE FOR FREE SAMPLE: viagrasampleoffer@yahoo.com
Include your Name and Shipping Address. 
Samples shipped within 24hrs. Allow 3-5 days for delivery.

Product Testimonials 
The more I use the more I find myself thinking about sex! Alicia - 51 years old 

I know I was concerned about using it because I'm not one that's usually aroused. But what I found is that right away after the tingling -which was different to start with, but I liked it- there was definitely more lubrication. And then I found that arousal was starting much more quickly. Normally it would take me a long time to get to that level of arousal. Since then I look forward to having sex, and to reaching that orgasm much more quickly and with a much more pleasant sensation. I think it's awesome! Nancy in AZ 

Since our very first experience it took what normally takes to accomplish a state of arousal -1 to 1 ½ hours- and took it down to under 10 minutes! I was completely surprised- of course so was my husband. Now we have the opportunity to be more intimate, sharing with one another. I have to tell you the product is wonderful- it gets better every single time you use it! Sherry from California 

I had lost interest in intimate relations with my husband until now. I thought something was wrong with me. Now we are intimate like when we were first married. June - 43 years old 

My husband is so loving now that I have found sex fun again. He is like the young buck I married years ago. Stella - 58 years old 

CLICK HERE FOR FREE SAMPLE:  viagrasampleoffer@yahoo.com
Include your Name and Shipping Address. 
Samples shipped within 24hrs. Allow 3-5 days for delivery.

I had a full hysterectomy at an early age and due to that [went through] a lot of physical changes that I wasn't mentally ready to deal with. Your product has put that smile back on my husbands face. When somebody asks 'does it work?' my husband will smile and say, "Oh yeah does it ever!" Lynn 

I'll admit I was somewhat skeptical and a little nervous, but the minute that package arrived I eagerly gave it a try. I was so pleasantly surprised! I felt results instantly. It certainly spiced things up for us. After being married for ten years with two children, whenever you can throw in a little something special it just makes for magical evenings! In my opinion anyone who hears of this product is going to want to try it or certainly share it with his or her partner. The more you use it, the more powerful the sensation. Kathy from NJ 

I have not had feeling like this for fifteen years. I love it! My husband is the happiest I have seen him in years. June - 37 years old 

Already having gone through menopause, I think most women can appreciate that 'syndrome'. Once I had gotten the product, I can tell you this product has truly improved the quality of my life. It has helped my husband and I extend the beautiful intimacy that we have always known as best friends, put the bounce back in our step and just the way we look at each other. I really am thrilled with the product. Aurora - a young 50 years old - NY 

The first time I tried your product, I was amazed. I have always been multi-orgasmic and did not expect such pleasure. The orgasms were more intense, they lasted longer, and I experienced twice as many as normal. But, even more exciting was when I awoke the next morning with the same intense sensations. I love using it. Jane - 48 years old 

CLICK HERE FOR FREE SAMPLE:  viagrasampleoffer@yahoo.com
Include your Name and Shipping Address. 
Samples shipped within 24hrs. Allow 3-5 days for delivery.

I lubricated almost immediately when I applied the cream. I haven't lubricated like that in years. Pam - 41 years old 

Thanks to your product, I now have orgasms every time I have intercourse. The tingle seems to last all day! All I can do is think about sex! Yvonne - (age unstated) 

As I rub the cream onto my wife, she has an orgasm within the first several minutes. She loves it and so do I! Now, we have sex nightly, like we did when we were first married. Jack - Age 52 years old 

My first experience with your product reminded me of being 25 again and madly in love with my husband. I felt genuine sexual arousal, the kind that only come from true intimacy, as opposed to the sensations related to clitoral stimulation brought on by rubbing. The orgasms were deep, intense, and seemed to last much longer. And, I was surprised that I actually began to feel the sensations within less than a minute. Your product really enhances the pleasure of making love. Denise - 60 years old 

I was so nervous the first time I tried product. I'm 49 and have started menopause, so I didn't expect I would have that "Wow" feeling my friends were telling me about. My first experience with your product brought me back to the days of puppy love and smooching in the back seat of a '66 Mustang! Thank YOU for again introducing me to my husband of 30 years! Nothing short of phenomenal! Pat - 49 years old 

CLICK HERE FOR FREE SAMPLE:  viagrasampleoffer@yahoo.com
Include your Name and Shipping Address. 
Samples shipped within 24hrs. Allow 3-5 days for delivery.

To receive clinical or additional information click here:   viagrasampleoffer@yahoo.com

Introducing a Unique Business Opportunity & the Hottest Compensation Plan in the History of Network Marketing!

Record Sales already Creating Wealthy People (some earning 5 figures the first month)

This Opportunity has ''double'' the Market Potential of Viagra for men (2 Billion dollars the first year)

We will share the wealth with you.

You owe it to yourself to find out more!

For more business opportunity information! Click Here: viagraforwomenbusopp@yahoo.com

To Opt-Out: viagraforwomenout@yahoo.com

Include your Name and Shipping Address. 
Samples shipped within 24hrs. Allow 3-5 days for delivery.
Samples are limited


 



